follows what's been by far the deadliest
day of the Israeli Palestinian conflict
in 50 years it's more than 24 hours now
since Hamas launched its military
operation on Israel by land air and sea
and these are live pictures now as the
sun rises on the besieged territory
Palestinians taking stop then of what's
been lost overnight in Israeli air
strikes well this was a scene just a few
hours ago when Israel launched another
air strike on Gaza prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu has warned people in
Gaza who are under Israel's Land Air and
sea blockade to leave the territory
Israeli media say some of the strikes
targeted the homes of senior Hamas
members including yah Al sinoa hamas's
leader in Gaza but so far at least 256
Palestinians have been killed by Israeli
air strikes Al jaaz yumna elad is live
now from Gaza at yumna we know as we
were saying there there' have been a
number of Israeli air strikes on Gaza
overnight tell us what's been happening
and the latest casualty figures that
you've been hearing
there yes well the violent Israeli raids
have not stopped bombarding across the
Gaza Strip in different areas uh dozens
of residential homes and buildings have
been completely destroyed uh some of
these homes were actually targeted while
the residents were in them without any
prior notice causing great amount of
casualties in this home uh uh in
including the entire families of those
uh residents of that home uh also as you
mentioned uh the uh targeting of senior
Hamas uh leaders homes across the Gaza
Strip in different areas including a
senoir uh the uh the chief of the
political Bureau of Hamas and his also
his office in Gaza City as well as three
mosques have been completely destroyed
and two Banks uh this is all in addition
to three residential or three towers
aluk Tower was the latest Tower it's a
residential Tower uh Palestine Tower uh
yesterday that was uh targeted right
there live while we were uh uh live and
uh also uh watan Tower uh that was also
destroyed and leveled to the ground in
the early hours of this day aluk Tower
just to say is the tower opposite to the
uh residential uh home of our uh
producer safat alah he had to run as
soon as we knew that the tower was uh
being targeted it's an a very densely
populated area in a neighborhood in Gaza
City and uh when the uh first mile
warning mile which they call a knock on
the roof was hit uh he he quickly rashed
to his home they're lucky luckily
they're uh they're all safe but the
glasses uh the windows of his home has
all been uh shattered so this is
basically how the scene is in in the
Gaza Strip in these past few hours as
the raids and bombardments still
continue in different areas the latest
number by the uh Ministry of Health is
uh as you mentioned 2 uh uh 56 uh people
killed and over
1,700 injured including 20 children
killed and 121 children injured so uh
also we have been witnessing a lot of
power Cuts since last night um like for
example here in our Bureau we're on the
13th floor and because there of of the
power supply we have to use the stairs
to get uh up to the bureau or get uh
down from the bureau because there is no
power supply for uh the elevators so
since last night and the Min the energy
Minister's decision to stop feeding the
Gaza Strip with a power that the
Palestinian Authority pays for we're
witnessing about 4 hours of electricity
in the entire day um y let me just jump
in here with an update we're just
getting here uh on the AP the Associated
Press uh wires the Israeli military is
now saying at least 26 soldiers 26
Israeli soldiers have been killed in
this unprecedented Hamas attack um on
the country south let me just repeat
that this wi is just dropping now from
the Associated Press the Israeli
military saying at least 26 soldiers
killed in unprecedented Hamas attack on
the country south let me ask you yna I
mean the Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin
Netanyahu has been warning um gazans to
get out now but people really have
nowhere to go and many remain Trapped In
The Enclave don't
they of course and and and the irony
about this is that Israel knows that it
has been imposing a Land Air in and sea
uh blocade on the Gaza Strip there is no
uh uh movement there is no uh there is
no uh there are no Crossings open for
the free uh uh of movement of the
residents but the Israeli uh uh Army
yesterday sent messages to the residents
living on the borders uh of the Gaza
Strip from north to south to tell them
to evacuate their homes and go to the
city or uh to the center of the city in
Gaza City uh now we're we're talking
about 3.2 million people living in 365
kilometers Palestine uh tower that was
uh leveled yesterday is a residential
Tower with aund 100 uh apartment some of
these apartments were offices media
offices and medical offices but the rest
of the apartments were uh for residents
for families that are now displaced Al
akuk tower on the other hand in Naser
neighborhood which was just leveled uh a
short while ago is also fully a
residential Tower which means that
hundreds of other families have also
been instantly uh displaced dozens of
residential homes that have been
destroyed in the past few hours means
another uh hundreds of families uh being
displaced so where do these families go
they join their other family members
relatives Neighbors in the areas because
this is the reality for the residents
living in Gaza all right you alide
giving us a live update there from Gaza
uh as uh Gaza wakes up this morning to
the aftermath uh of numerous Israeli air
strikes uh on The Enclave yum thank you
very much
indeed meanwhile inside Israel gun
battles have been continuing for hours
between Hamas Fighters and Israeli
forces the death toll there stands at
more than 300 in the southern city of
stot Palestinian Fighters seized a
police station Israeli forces demolished
part of the building with a bulldozer
Israel said it was engaged in gun
battles in at least eight locations near
Gaza let's talk to Sarah kyat she joins
us live now from West Jerusalem Sarah
said the Israeli Army was saying earlier
fighting is still taking place in the
South bring us up to date with what you
know about what's happening there and
also in places like
stero yeah that's right um yesterday the
Israeli Army had confirmed that uh the
fighters that came and crossed over that
border were between 200 to 300 of them
of course some of them ended up going
back but the those that remained um are
deep in those Southern towns and they've
clearly managed to uh a lot of them to
manage to evade uh the Israeli forces
that have been going there we've seen
videos of them uh of Israelis filming uh
the Israeli Security Forces walking the
streets trying to find uh those uh
Palestinian Fighters that are still very
much deeply in those Southern Towns now
they the Israeli Army says that they uh
are managing to take back some of the
control of from some of those areas uh
eliminating in there uh some of those uh
Palestinian Fighters uh but there still
seems to be a a hostage a captive
situation rather that's been happening
uh uh there were two of those happening
then uh on Saturday and it seems to
still be the case they haven't given too
much information on whether that is
still ongoing but the fighting is
definitely still happening unofficially
uh from what we're seeing from people
posting on social media media Israeli
family members uh uh looking for those
that are missing it seems that missing
number is going up as well it's still
not been acknowledged by the Israeli
authorities but we're seeing numbers as
many as 750 of those missing there were
uh there there was apparently a huge
party that was being held by Israelis at
that uh near close to that border and uh
some of those uh youngsters that were
attending uh had been uh uh kid
kidnapped and taken over the Border as
civilians so this is still very much an
ongoing operation and just one more
thing to add to that a cabinet meeting
that was held yesterday night for
several hours what came out of it was a
very clear message they decided that
they will uh they will destroy they said
the military uh arm for Hamas they will
ensure that it will be a difficult War a
long War but they will do everything
they can to eliminate that all right
Sarah kyat live for us there uh in West
Rus s we're going to have to leave